>> Speaker 1: This next video is for
PC people only.
Mac people,
there's a different video for you.
And this video is
pertaining to Windows 10.
There may be some differences
with older versions of Windows,
slightly different locations and
things, and menus, and so forth.
But overall, you should be able
to follow along with this video
if you have an older version of Windows.
And if you have Windows 10, then you are
all set, everything should be just geat.
So what I want to show you first
here is how to locate your file
structure here on your PC.
And there's a couple of ways doing this,
as always, but first of all,
very consistently on all the computers,
you can go to the Start menu, here.
And what you're going to do is scroll
down your list of applications here.
And you wanna go down all
the way down to W, for Windows.
And there is an item here for
the Windows System.
And if you open that up, then you'll
find a link here for the File Explorer.
In the couple of PCs that I've used,
there's also been a File Explorer
shortcut pinned down here to the bottom
taskbar, that's the same exact thing.
If you have that available,
that's certainly the easiest way
to get to your File Explorer.
But if for whatever reason you've
unpinned that or something,
you can find it here under
Windows System and then File Explorer.
Go ahead and click on that.
And this is gonna open up your whole
file and folder structure for your PC.
And as I said, sometimes they don't
look like folders, but they are.
So we have here a folder for
the Desktop, Downloads, Documents,
Pictures, and so forth.
And if you take a look inside of these,
for example, if we take a look inside
the Downloads folder, we'll see
things that have been downloaded.
>> Speaker 1: In just a moment.
>> Speaker 1: So here is a series of
things that have been downloaded on this
particular PC.
We can make the Name column little
bit wider by pulling over, the column
up there on the very top of the page and
you'll see that in this particular
situation we have a bunch of files here
that have extensions associated with it.
Remember, the extension is a dot and a
three to four letter code that comes after
it, which tell us what kinds
of documents these are.
Now the icons can somewhat give that away,
but it's always good if you can
actually see that extension, particularly
when we're doing web development.
So turning on those extensions
is relatively straightforward
inside of Windows.
If you go up to the top of the screen,
go to View and
click on that, look for
the box here for File name extensions.
And if you go ahead and check that,
that is gonna turn on those file name
extensions for this particular folder.
So you see here in the Downloads folder,
we now have things that are labeled as
msi's or exes's and pdf's and
all kinds of other various
file extensions that are here, but this
may not turn it on for all the folders.
If I go into, let's say, My documents
folder and I go to my GitHub folder here,
well, okay, good,
those extensions are also turned on here.
So it could be that this is turned on for
all places on your computer.
If at any point you discover a folder
where those extensions are not turned on,
you just do the same thing.
Go up here to View and look for file name
extensions right on up here under Show
hide, over on the right side,
there is a check box here for that.
Just make sure that's checked off and
then you'll be able to see the extensions.